Now, this section will all be about move semantics and the concepts surrounding it.
We have already seen all your references and now we'll
encounter the move constructor as well as the move assignment operator.
Together with destructor, copy constructor,
copy assignment operator, they form
the components of the rule of five, as you will soon see.
With move semantics, we cannot only use our values and save some copy operations,
but we can actually pass objects around in our code,
and transfer ownership of an object from one scope to the next scope.
Now, that this lesson will be quite intense,
but please invest the time and also the effort to grasp this important concept.
That is one of the major innovations in modern C++ being introduced in C++ 11,
and it's an essential part of all STL container classes such as vectors,
and it forms the basis for the smart pointer types we will encounter in the next lesson.
Now, one more note here. Move semantics will also play an important role in concurrency.
So this is not only limited to memory management and smart pointers,
but also extends to exclusive ownership management in multitrained applications.
So let's start now and dive into it. See you again soon.